Update document on how to allow manage resources by EDA (#295)
ansible/eda-server-operator: README.md

```

### Allow Local Resource Management

> Resources such as users, teams, or organizations are recommended to be managed by the gateway. Flag `EDA_ALLOW_LOCAL_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT` can be toggled to instruct whether EDA can create/modify/delete these resources. The following example allows EDA to manage such resources. It is useful when EDA is deployed alone.

Reviewer: I think the right term for upstream is "platform provider".
```suggestion
Resources such as users, teams, or organizations are recommended to be managed by the *Platform Provider*.  Flag `EDA_ALLOW_LOCAL_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT` can be toggled to instruct whether EDA can create/modify/delete these resources. The following example allows EDA to manage such resources. It is necessary when EDA is deployed alone.
```
